Michelle's Feature:

Summary:
I will be supporting the calcualtion of the cost of a drink.
Given a recipe(s) and an inventory, you will be able to calculate the
cost of the recipe(s).

Stories:

A: Michelle wants to make a long-island ice tea with the alcohol in her
inventory, but wants to know how much the drink itself is worth. This
will allow her to decide if it is cheaper in the long run to purchase
her alcohol and drink at home or go to the bar.

B: Maddy knows that it is cheaper to make drinks at home and at the
bar but wants to show her roomates at the co-op how much $$ they will
save by drinking at home.

Features:
1. Find a database that has the price of the liquor, and store it in
our database/give our database/app access to it
2. Given a recipe, find out how much it costs to make. If there are
multiple options for a given ingredient (well vs top shelf) give all
the permutations of the cost of the drink.
3. Web interface that can be used to caclulate the price of a given
recipe (might automatically give average price for each recipe)
4. Have JSON-RPC functions that given a recipe will return the
average cost of making said recipe.

*Collaborated with Madalyn Parker*


Maddy's Feature: Figure out alcohol content of recipes

Summary:

Using a database of alcohol types that includes proofs, calculate how much alcohol each recipe contains. This can later be used to see how many standard drinks the recipe is worth, how drunk it should make you based on weight, and how quickly the effects should wear off. 

Stories:

A: Suzy wants to make some cocktails for a movie viewing she is having at her house but knows her friends will want to drive home after. She goes to the site to see which drinks would have relatively low alcohol contents so she can server her friends delicious drinks that won't get them too drunk before the movie is over.

B: Paul made several drinks last night and ended up getting really sick. He is curious how much he had so he can aim to have less alcohol next time.

Features:
1: Find a database that lists proofs for different bottle types, store this database and access it through app
2: Calculate alcohol content for each recipe
3: List alcohol content for each recipe on the web 
4: Have JSON-RPC return alcohol content of recipe, given recipe name

*Collaborated with Michelle Vogel -- she has a different feature*
